The mysterious diary records the voice.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
We need to rent a room for our party.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The river stole the gods.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
Please wait outside of the house.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
How was the math test?
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
A glittering gem is not enough.
I want more detailed information.
Two seats were vacant.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Where do random thoughts come from?
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
Mary plays the piano.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
This is a Japanese doll.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
The stranger officiates the meal.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Wow, does that work?
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Hurry!
The lake is a long way from here.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
She did her best to help him.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Is it free?
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
She advised him to come back at once.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Christmas is coming.
The book is in front of the table.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Don't step on the broken glass.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The cat chased the dog.